<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossgroup PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Group//EN" "glossgroup.dtd">
<glossgroup id="ml_glossary">
    <title id="ml_Title">Masterlist Glossary</title>
    <glossentry id="gle_2G">
        <glossterm id="gls_2G">2G</glossterm>
        <glossdef id="glc_2G">2nd Generation <p>Second generation of cellular mobile communications which corresponds to
                a GSM network with a SIM card in the mobile. Also referred to as GSM.</p>
        </glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gle_3DES">
        <glossterm id="gls_3DES">3DES</glossterm>
        <glossdef id="glc_3DES">Also known as: DES3, triple-DES or TDES <p>The triple-DES algorithm is an extended DES
                encryption. It consists of calling the DES algorithm three times in succession, with alternating
                encryption and decryption. If the same key is used for all three DES calls, triple-DES encryption
                corresponds to a normal DES encryption. However, if two or three different keys are used, triple-DES
                encryption is significantly stronger than a single DES encryption.</p>
        </glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gle_GMT">
        <glossterm id="gls_GMT">GMT</glossterm>
        <glossdef id="glc_GMT">Greenwich Mean Time</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gle_GSMA">
        <glossterm id="gls_GSMA">GSMA</glossterm>
        <glossdef id="glc_GSMA">The GSM Association (GSMA, or Groupe Speciale Mobile Association), formed in 1995, is an
            association of mobile operators and related companies devoted to supporting the standardising, deployment
            and promotion of the GSM mobile telephone system.<p>The GSMA represents the interests of mobile operators
                worldwide, uniting nearly 800 operators with more than 250 companies in the broader mobile ecosystem,
                including handset and device makers, software companies, equipment providers and Internet companies, as
                well as organisations in adjacent industry sectors</p><p audience="link"><xref
                    href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GSM_Association" format="html" scope="external"
                    outputclass="see"/></p></glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gle_I2C">
        <glossterm id="gls_I2C">I2C</glossterm>
        <glossdef id="glc_I2C">I²C (Inter-Integrated Circuit), pronounced I-squared-C, is a multi-master, multi-slave,
            single-ended, serial computer bus invented by Philips Semiconductor (now NXP Semiconductors). It is
            typically used for attaching lower-speed peripheral ICs to processors and microcontrollers.<p>Alternatively
                I²C is spelled I2C (pronounced I-two-C) or IIC (pronounced I-I-C). Since October 10, 2006, no licensing
                fees are required to implement the I²C protocol. However, fees are still required to obtain I²C slave
                addresses allocated by NXP → <xref href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/I%C2%B2C" format="html"
                    scope="external"/></p></glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gle_SVG">
        <glossterm id="gls_SVG">SVG</glossterm>
        <glossdef id="glc_SVG">Scalable Vector Graphic</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gle_WIFI">
        <glossterm id="gls_WIFI">WIFI</glossterm>
        <glossdef id="glc_WIFI">Definition according to BMS MONEO - Functional specification Contactless Debit Part 1:
            Moneo Purse Ref: DSI9WIFI Version: 1.1.1 for contact-less transaction.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gle_empty">
        <glossterm id="gls_empty">empty</glossterm>
        <glossdef id="glc_empty">entry</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
</glossgroup>
